# Multilabel-Sentiment-Classification-of-Hinglish-Data
With an increase in the number of developments in NLP domain today, pre-trained language representations have become the most popular technique for various downstream language tasks among the NLP practitioners. These pre-trained models or word embeddings have been trained using unsupervised training on a large amount of different English text corpus for different NLP tasks like Neural Machine Translation, Parts of Speech Tagging, Relation Extraction, Name Entity Recognition, Information Retrieval, Question & Answering, Text Classification, Text Summarization and so on. Our objective is to compare the pre-trained models like BERT, RoBERTa, DistilBERT, AlBERT and XLNet by performing multilabel sentiment classification of Hinglish (Hindi in English Script) data of Youtube comments collected from the cooking/catering domain. These comments are classified into 7 labels like Gratitude, About the recipe, About the video, Praising, Hybrid, Undefined and Suggestions & queries. We have used the Simple Transformers library which is built on top of the Hugging Face’s Transformers library for supervised training of the model. It is an easy and ready to use the library as it includes most of the current pre-trained models which can be used to train data from any domain with just 3 lines of code without training the model from scratch. We have done fine-tuning of 4 hyperparameters namely, maximum sequence length, train and evaluation batch size, learning rates and number of training epochs for each of the pre-trained models. Our experiment and results show that traditional BERT is superior to the other pre-trained models in terms of achieving state-of-the-art performance.
